***In this we are using python packages for performing operations on the data :***

Python Library:
  ->  Python library is collection of functions and methods that allow you to perform lots of action without writing any code.
  -> The libraries usually contain built-in modules providing different functionalities, which you can use directly.

**We have divided the python data analysis libraries into three groups:**

  **1) Stadnard Libraries :** 
    
      -> 1) Pandas :
          -> It offers data structure and tools for effective data and manipulation and analysis.
          
          -> It provides fast access to structure data.
    
          -> The primary instrument of Pandas is two-dimensional table consisting of column and row labels,which are called a DataFrame.
    
          -> It is designed to provide easy indexing functionality.
    
      -> 2) Numpy :
    
          -> The Numpy library uses arrays for its inputs and outputs
    
          -> It can be extended to objects for matrices, and with minor coding changes, developers can perform fast array processing.
    
      -> 3) Scipy :
    
          -> It includes functions for some advanced math problems like Integrals, Solving differential equations, optimazation, as well as data visualization.
    

  **2) Visualization Libraries :**

    Using data visualization methods is the best way to communicate with others, showing them meaning full results of analysis.

    These libraries enable you to create graphs, charts and maps.

    -> 1) Matplotlib :

        -> The matplotlib package is the most well-known library for data visualization.

        -> It is grate for making graphs and plots.

        -> The graphs are also highly customizable.
    
    -> 2) Seaborn :
        
        -> It is based on Matplotlib.

        -> It's very easy to generate various plots such as heat maps, time series, and violin plots.

  **3) Algorithmic Libraries :**

    With Machine Learning algorithms, we're able to develop a model using our dataset, and obtain predictions.

    The algorithmic libraries tackle some machine learning tasks from basic to complex.

    Here we introduce 2 Packages: 

      -> i) Scikit-learn : 

          -> This library contains tools for statistical modeling, including regression, classifciation, clustering and so on.

          -> This library built on Numpy, SciPy and Matplotlib.
      
      -> ii) StatsModels :

          -> It is also a Python module that allows users to explore data, estimate statistical models, and perform statistical tests.
